dwayne the rock jhonson (from moana)
and they scream, halloween!
trick or treat, smell my feet!
they're gonna take candy away from ya!
you better not pull any tricks... give me twix.
trick or treat, smell my feet. give me something good to eat!
he looks like a pacman ghost (but white)
you say he looks like high five ghost.
ITS A SPOOKY GHOST!
it's like one meter tall.
BEHOLD,,, THE GHOST OF,,, HALLOWEEEEN!!
ive come here to haunt!
the dead rises tonight!
now you tremble at the fright of me!
in walks a skeleton!
BOO!!
once a man, now a beast.
claws sharp and long, fur dark and spiky...
SPREAD THE CURSE.
i got that dog in me, and now you do too!
SILVER BULLETS OH MY GOD.
THIS IS BAD, WERE THE PREY.
were the undead, and well be feasting on your head!
stop walking faster than us we emplore!!
we just want to eat, flesh so sweet, what a TREAT.
give it time and you will join our show!
no surprise, we've got brains on the mind!
a walking mourge leave you mortified!
clean your bones, then play them like a xylophone!
you are so doomed! just as soon as we catch up with you.
march through the street, we cannot stay on beat.
in my vampire castle...
once the guests flood in, their blood is mine!
chat with the ghosts, for they have stories to tell!
my castle is marvelous if a bit spooky!
we've got bats, and thats right MORE BATS.
stirring a pot full of boiling goop one might speculate that im making soup
but its not soup, its a potion!!
take to the sky, i ride my broom so high!
you there, in the tophat, youre a cat now!
THE WITCH WILL PAY.
WITCH HUNT. WITCH HUNT.
this nightmare never ends, until i have revenge!
YOU ARE DEAD AND BURIED YOU ARE DEAD (oh no!)
i'm digging up your coffin!
they love your throat and quote unquote you!
Michael jackson really happened!
delta echo alpha delta!
EVEN KATY PERRY KNOWS YOURE DEAD!
WHEN YOU SEE THE CHART TOMORROW YOU'LL BE #1
you've been gone for way too long.
look, its you. good as new.
you earned this, new purpose!
lifetime achievement award!
due to my strong personal convictions, i wish to stress.
this record in no way endorses a belief in the occult.
in the occult.
cause youre a brand new species, big cat!
lenoard nemoy call me back!
i've been working on a unified theory if i make it through tonight everybody's gonna hear me out!
oh, im crying now, authentic tears.
cause youre the only person in the world who'd understand the meaning of this!
dont hang up yet, im not done.
im the expert, im the one.
better to be laughed at then wrong.
ON YOUR AM RADIO!
now im in the box for safe keeping.
the news reporters reported that i died.
circuit board to brain.
one big human heart gently beeping.
you can't win me i can't be beat
you can't see me behind the screen!
i could do whatever i felt like!
maybe they were predisposed to madness who knows!
bashing in my face with a crowbar.
kicking me and pushing me over.
now they're seeing my blood on their sneakers.
if you be my no eyed girl!
feeling how i feel, ill accept the unreal.
your matter tells mine to scatter!
blinding white!
some will say my actions let the no eyed people in.
when he died.
turns out he left behind, a mansion full of other peoples skulls.
the laughing record played.
investigators said the wood was scorched.
the statues of his missing children cried.
what was later found to be his blood.
but gradually her voice began to fade.
and the blood would make the seas run red!
inside they found a painting of a clown.
im saying trick or treat now~
all wrapped up like a mummy, ill cover you in honey!
extra clever, earthbound spirit.
ghost in the form of a mongoose.
and i have hands, and i have feet.
ill never die!
i am a freak.
thou wilt never, know what i am.
i am the fifth dimension.
and ill split the atom.
and if you see me, youre paralyzed!
pillar of salt, youre mummified!
and i was born, 1852.
and i was born, in india.
and i shall haunt, like the buggane.
hello im here, im living in the wall.
i know, i might be small, but i am a freak.
jim let me go, i watch like hell.
no stars just sound.
im not like you.
you burn my eyes.
in my mind your kind all died.
i saw you, making fire.
you're not human...
you seem surprised that i don't hear you...
how much can you fit under your skin?
i wish you were dead babe i wish you were dead!
i can fit 2 people under my skin!
i can your heart beating under my skin...
do you think it'd be enough?
i can feel you breathing under my skin...